br: update tiflash related docs on nfs (#5580)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-use-cases.md

#### Backup prerequisites

* [Preparation for backup](#preparation-for-backup)
* Configure a high-performance SSD hard disk host as the NFS server to store data, and all BR nodes, TiKV nodes, and TiFlash nodes as NFS clients. Mount the same path (for example, `/br_data`) to the NFS server for NFS clients to access the server.
* The total transfer rate between the NFS server and all NFS clients must reach at least `the number of TiKV instances * 150MB/s`. Otherwise the network I/O might become the performance bottleneck.

>  **Note:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
```

>

> > * During data backup, because only data in leader replicas are backed up, even if there is a TiFlash replica in the cluster，BR can complete backup without mounting TiFlash nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * During data backup, because only the data of leader replicas are backed up, even if there is a TiFlash replica in the cluster, BR can complete the backup without mounting TiFlash nodes.
```

> > * When restoring data, BR will restore the data of all replicas. Therefore, TiFlash nodes need the access to backup data so that BR will complete the data restoration. You also must mount TiFlash nodes to NFS server.

Reviewer: @3pointer PTAL
```suggestion
> * When restoring data, BR will restore the data of all replicas. Also, TiFlash nodes need access to the backup data for BR to complete the restore. Therefore, before the restore, you must mount TiFlash nodes to the NFS server.
```

Reviewer 2: lgtm
